To było 32 lata temu gdy po raz pierwszy znalazłem się w tej dziedzinie
How did I get into this field?
Przez przypadek
Jak małpa, która spadła z drzewa.
Moja firma, którą
wtedy miałem, była
zaangażowana do 1956 roku
w bardzo rozbudowane sieciowe programy radiowe, co oznacza
programy dramatyczne dla radia w całym kraju i za granicą.
A w 1956 roku mieliśmy wybór
czy przekształcić wszystko na telewizję
I zaczęliśmy to robić
Dopóki nie odkryliśmy bardzo interesującej rzeczy, robiliśmy
te programy radiowe od wielu lat.
Odkryliśmy,
że to było jak oglądanie
filmu. I znów tak było. Właśnie tam weszliśmy,
ponieważ robiliśmy dokładnie to samo, co zrobiliśmy
8 do 10 lat wcześniej, i budyń, obraz do tego. Było to
dla nas nic więcej jak tylko radio
z obrazem Więc
Nie sądziliśmy, że chcemy to wszystko powtarzać
od nowa Musi być coś lepszego do roboty niż
wejście do telewizji. I mieliśmy już 2 programy quizowe
w telewizji i stwierdziliśmy, że to
było fajnie, ale musi być
coś lepszego.
Więc jako szef firmy
I wiedząc
w amerykańskim języku, mamy coś co mówi podawaniu
dolara (zrzuceniu odpowiedzialności). Dolar kończy się na prezesie firmy.
Odpowiedzialność, podobnie jak władza, więc postanowiłem
że spróbujemy czegoś innego.
I będąc bardzo
Professional in sound we
naturally began to think of some
way to use sound.
As a new means of.
A new direction for our company.
And. What we first came up with
and started conducting and in
our research and development
division of our company was how
to? Help. People learn while
they're asleep. Very interesting
parable that all the way back in
1956, we started.
Conducting studies how to do
this. And the first problem was
is how to get People to sleep.
Because you can't take a subject
say now go to sleep.
You have to and you do not want
to give them chemicals or drugs
to go to sleep because that
won't serve that purpose.
So we began to use sound to help
People to get to sleep.
And that's how we first began to
get into the technology of what
we have since become.
czy But along the way very
interesting thing took place.
In that research pattern, I was
the chief subject because I
demanded it because I was very
curious. So as the chief subject
in all of these patterns of.
Finding ways to help People go
to sleep by sound use.
Evidently something I absorbed
something. Because in 1958, then
I had this great.
Frightening terrifying change
take place in my life.
And I have written about this as
you know in several books and
it's very I guess common
knowledge, even throughout the
world because the books have
been translated into various
languages. But it's Simply put
at that time I began to
experience moving out of my
body. And.
That was The final
thing of something they had had
begun a year at least or more
before that time I began to have
quote dreams about.
And I was an airplane pilot so
you can understand how that
would take place. I began to
have dreams about taxing to the
runway on an airport.
And getting the plane off the
ground and once I got it off the
ground that I would look up in
here are all these wires. Było to
if we're flying down the street
and there were all these power
lines overhead and telephone
lines and you couldn't find a
whole to get out of it.
And that dream had gone on a
recurring dream for at least a
year. And then shortly before
this big thing took place in 58.
I also began to experience a
funny kind of vibration.
And I went to my it was as if my
body were shaky, but there was
no field of shaking it was just
internal. And. I went hurrying
to my favorite doctor.
And he examined me and says Oh
you are working, too hard. You
are stressful good. There's
nothing wrong with you go.
Take a pill and relax or
something well, not necessarily
being a pill taker that did not
work too well. But
any event after.
Many times like 25 or 30 more
times of experiencing this
vibration. I thought well and
fighting to get out of it is the
point. I just pulled myself away
from this vibration.
The next step was well.
This is why this will never
get anywhere, I might I'm
too frightened about it if
it's going to kill me let it
kill me so.
With that in mind, one
particular. Afternoon, when I
was lying down.
I I said, Alright find
vibration, Cape if it's going to
kill me. Let it kill me. So I
waited and waited and waited and
after while after about 5
minutes. It faded away. and I
was still alive. so I thought
ha. Now I know it will kill me.
So I'm on safe ground. So after
that, I began to simply let it
happen. An wait that 5 minutes,
so I could do something.
And on this one famous night as
we're in 1958.
I was lying in bed on a Friday
night. Waiting for this
vibration to end so I could go
to sleep and I was, I was lying
there. Thinking about what I was
going to do the next day. While
this vibration got through doing
what it was supposed to do.
I was thinking how nice Saturday
morning was going to be, because
we had had what we call a cold
front come through and there
would be strong NW winds and
there would be great thermal
action, so being much into sale
planes and gliders at that time,
the soaring was going to be
tremendous and as a result.
This was my sense of great joy
and anticipation as I was
waiting for this vibration to
end. And. As I waited and waited
and thought how nice this is
going to be suddenly. I felt
something bumping against my
shoulder. And that of course, is
part of the history when I
discovered that what I was
bumping against was the ceiling
of my bedroom.
And that bumping turned around
and I did not know where I was
'cause I saw this funny sort of
A. Fountain coming out of what I
thought was the floor and I
thought where am I. This is a
funny kind of dream.
And I looked more closely and
they thought there's something
terribly wrong. This is not a
fountain. This is the
chandelier. The light fixture
coming out of the ceiling, so I
looked around, and sure enough
down there in the bed. Below me
was my wife lying in bed and
beside it was a man and then I
says what kind of dream is this.
This is a strange dream who?
Who would I think of who would
be in bed with my wife?
And I said, I can't resist
finding out so I moved a little
closer. And then this great
shock came over me because the
person in bed with my wife was
me and then the fright. King
that error. What am I doing on
my dying. Let me get back quick
something so I went through the
airport. This swimming through
the air to get back to the body
and paying got back in the body
that was the first time.
That I in turn.
Found out and then very quickly.
I set up and everything was
quiet. I was, I have my heart
was racing because I was excited
but. Everything else was
fine my wife sleep quiet
nothing no problem, so.
That is exactly how it began all
the way back in 1958.